Welcome to Baria Temple International Church's Podcast.
I am your host Timothy, and we're here together on this beautiful day to hear from God.
So let's all prepare ourselves to receive what God has in store for us today.
Let's begin.
If you haven't noticed, we are building out an identity together as a church.
And each of the sub-series that we have embarked on has taken us one step closer to identifying who we are as Berea Temple International Church.
So far, we have identified that we are an A.G. Church.
We worked through our core foundational doctrines of the Church.
We call these our 16 fundamental truths.
Then we took a cue out of
the book I Am a Church Member by Tom Rayner, and that added to our identity to the fact that we are A.G. Church members.
But today, today we're going to embark on a journey of understanding our role as A.G. Church members in bringing hope and healing to our community.
See, it's all well and good to say that we are something
We are AG.
We are AG church members.
We are Christians.
We are whatever.
It's all well and good to say that we are something, but it's meaningless if we don't put it into action.
It means nothing if we talk the talk, but don't walk the walk.
What does it mean to be Christian?
We talked about this a couple of weeks ago.
It means to be Christ-like.
But if I walk out of here and I'm cussing up a storm at the grocery store and the person who cut me off and I flip them the bird and then I leave there and I go and I get mad and I've got my fifth of whiskey and I go and I pour one back out of the park, does that say that I am a Christian?
Probably not.
Does that reflect the Christ that I serve?
No, of course not.
So saying you're a Christian, I'm sorry for those that think so, means absolutely nothing.
To do, to be, to walk the walk is what matters.
I can say,
I'm the world's greatest IT programmer, and I'm gonna sit down on a computer next to Brother Prince, and that fact is gonna be woefully disproven.
I can say that I am the world's greatest gardener, but next to the Ferris family, I couldn't grow nothing and nothing.
We have to walk the walk.
We have to put feet to the fire, so to speak.
Today as we continue in our theme we are, we're gonna add to our identity.
We're not gonna settle with only being AG church members because that ends with us.
That tells the world, come join us.
If we stop at this side, if we stop our identity here, we're telling the rest of the world, you come here, join us, do what we're doing.
Is that biblical?
Are we good students of God's word?
See this, this ends with us.
This ends with self.
But the Father has not called us to be selfish.
He's called us to be selfless.
He said, go and make disciples and we can't do that sitting here in the pews.
We can't go and fulfill the great commission.
We can't fulfill the great commandment sitting on our bottoms in these red padded pews.
We have to go, say go.
So I've entitled this sub, next sub series that we're going to do.
I have entitled hope and healing for our community.
And so what that's going to do is it's going to add to our identity statement that we are AG church members who offer hope and healing to our community.
That is who we are.
He is Waymaker.
We are those who connect to the Waymaker to our community.
We are the bridge.
We are the hands and feet of Jesus who go out into a lost and dying world and offer hope and healing to our community.
There is a passage that should be fairly well familiar to most of you in Jeremiah chapter 29 and verse 11.
This one should be relatively familiar.
It says, for I know the plans I have for you says the Lord.
They're plans for good and not for disaster to give you a future and a hope.
How many would say amen to that?
But I want you to back up a little bit.
I want you to go just a few verses back in that same chapter, Jeremiah 29.
So if you have your Bibles, this is where we're going to start.
Jeremiah chapter 29.
And I want us to look at a passage that might not be quite so familiar.
Look at verse seven of Jeremiah chapter 29.
Says this.
It says in work for the peace and prosperity of the city where I sent you into exile.
Pray to the Lord for it, for its welfare will determine your welfare.
It's no secret
that our city is in need of a savior.
It's no secret that our citizens' health and welfare are in peril.
And it should be no secret that the only answer for the community, for St. Louis, is Jesus Christ.
Oh man.
Brother, we need to go have our own church.
Come on.
Just take a moment to cycle through the pictures.
These are all St. Louis.
These aren't just stock photos from the internet that I tried to pick to dig at your heart.
These are all St. Louisans.
These are all people that we call friends, neighbors in our city.
And there's only one answer to the gun violence.
There is only one answer to the homelessness.
There is only one answer to the drug epidemic, and that is Jesus.
But how are they gonna have Jesus if we don't go and tell them?
How are they gonna have Jesus if we only sit in the pews on Sunday?
And that's our faith.
That's working out our faith with fear and trembling because I'm afraid of going out there.
And just who are the hands and feet of Jesus in a dying world?
What does scripture say?
Who is that?
Say us.
Come on now, say us.
We are the hands and feet of Jesus.
We are the church.
We, you and me.
I don't care what the Presbyterians are doing down the street.
I don't care what our sister, A.G., church is doing because God is raising up that body for a different purpose, a different plan, a different mission, a different goal.
And frankly, some of those preachers have completely lost their ever-loving minds.
But I know what he's called us to.
He's called us to be the church.
We are the church.
Our passage tells us that the city's welfare will determine our welfare.
If the city is prosperous, we have the opportunity to be prosperous.
So today we're gonna step out on a journey to seek and to save that which is lost.
But it's for one reason.
It's because we are A.G. church members who offer hope and healing to our community through the power of the Holy Spirit.
Amen?
So here's what we're gonna do.
Our sub-series for the next six weeks or so is hope and healing for our community.
Today specifically, if you're a note taker, our title for today's message.
And it's just going to keep rolling.
Guys, if you'll go down to the next slide for me, please manually.
Is God's heart for our city?
The first thing I want us to look at when we talk about offering hope and healing for our city,
is I want us to explore God's heart for our city, for the city of St. Louis, and what our part is in his divine plan.
First thing that we're going to look at is we need to understand God's plan for St. Louis and our role in it.
We've talked a lot.
We hit theology, the fundamental truths.
We hit
who we are in this forest just day-to-day practice inside the building.
But for the next six messages, we're going to get very practical.
Very rubber meets the road.
very down and dirty, nitty-gritty.
This is what we as a church need to be doing.
We need to understand God's plan for St. Louis and our role in it.
Again, we go back to our passage that we had.
Jeremiah 29.7 says, calls us to seek peace and prosperity for our city.
But this command is not just about passive observation, but active involvement in God's plan for our community.
Can I tell you something?
And you're gonna be mad at me when I'm done saying this.
I don't know what else you have going on in your life, but it all comes second to the mission and the purpose that God has created you for as a church.
Listen,
Date night with husband or wife, that's wonderful.
But it doesn't trump if God has called us together unified to an outreach event.
Or a, now I'm not talking about we go to the movies.
I'm talking about God has put a plan and a purpose and we together as a church are making a concerted effort to reach our community and we have
prayer meeting, a outreach event, a go feed the homeless, a go walk the streets, a prayer walk, whatever those things are, whatever else you've got going on.
Church is not a social event.
Church is training camp for the battle
that we are all called to fight in.
We are all soldiers in God's army.
I know we don't like that metaphor, that imagery, because for a lot of us who have military family or other situations, I know some of that draws up yuck feelings.
But when it comes to the kingdom, the Bible says the enemy is like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour.
Are we as a body
going to rise up at the corner of Russell and Compton.
Are we going to watch the enemy destroy our neighbor across the street and do nothing to intervene?
God has called us to active involvement in his plan.
Now, I'm not saying there aren't issues.
There aren't opportunities that take our attention.
Yes.
But when we're talking about things that are optional, that are part of our discretionary time spending, how do they compare to what God is doing?
And here's another one, parents, that I'm gonna, you're gonna be mad at me and it's okay.
I love you anyway.
Probably one of my biggest pet peeves as a pastor is parents who keep their kids home from Wednesday night youth because, well, it's just youth group, it's not church.
It's not the deep teaching.
But see, that's where they go and they get teaching at their level to understand what God is doing in their lives today.
Well, but they've got homework and homework comes first.
Really?
And I know we can debate over that.
Yes, you need a good job.
Yes, you need a good education.
But we're talking about an hour and a half a week for youth group compared to
All the other hours that they have, Monday night, Tuesday night, the rest of Wednesday night, Thursday night, Friday night, all day Saturday, the rest of Sunday, we're asking for an hour and a half that we allow the people that we've asked to train and to pour into our students so that they hear Christ.
Not in a message that's designed for a general audience, but for a word that is specifically spoken to their age group.
Youth ministry is vital when done right.
It's not club.
It's not play.
Yes, there is a moment of silliness and games to encourage kids to bring friends and things like that.
But it is putting an active faith into the hearts of our students.
We need to understand when we talk about understanding what our role is, is to be active.
We need to understand that God has placed us for a divine purpose.
We need to recognize our divine placement.
Acts 17, verse 26.
says that from one man he created all the nations throughout the whole earth.
He decided beforehand when they should rise and fall and he determined their boundaries.
He decided beforehand when they should rise and fall.
God's placed us in St. Louis for a reason and a purpose.
I might even add, for a season
and a purpose.
Listen, all of us come and go.
We have had friends in the life of being part of Berea Temple that have new friends have come in and then they've had to go out.
Not for any other reason, then life moved them on.
It's okay.
It's completely acceptable.
They have had to move for financial reasons or for job situations or for wedding or funeral or whatever else it may be.
There has been a season that they were part of the body of Christ at Berea Temple.
and God has placed each one of us here for a reason, a season, and a purpose.
Luke chapter 19, and verse 10 says, for the son of man came to seek and save those who were lost.
And then if you go to Esther, chapter four, verse 14 says, if you keep quiet at a time like this, deliverance and relief for the Jews will arise from some other place.
But you and your relatives will die.
Who knows if perhaps you were made queen for such a time as this?
Our presence here in this part of his grand design is for our lives and for his life in the city.
He's placed us here to seek out and to offer salvation through Jesus Christ to those who are lost, those who wander the streets, those that are looking for peace inside the barrel of a syringe.
As we look for God's heart for the city, we need to recognize that our placement in here in St. Louis is part of his own divine plan.
With an average population of 2.2 million people in the St. Louis metropolitan area, God has entrusted us with a significant community.
Remember our passage in 29 verse seven?
Look over the city, pray for it,
Each person here is part of his grand design.
However, our community faces substantial challenges.
Approximately 219,000 individuals in our area struggle with substance use disorders.
219,000.
How many churches of 200 could we start?
If we, as Berea Temple said, we are going to only attack the drug epidemic in our city.
What would the kingdom of Christ and St. Louis look like if we said we are going to reach these people?
Yes, we love everybody else, but we're going to reach this group of people.
And we were going to make a difference in that community.
Average church in America is under 200 people if you wonder where I got the 200 number.
About 140,000 adults have experienced major depressive episodes in the past year, just in the last year.
Not the entirety of all of the city, not in the entirety of keeping statistics across mental health issues, but in the last year, 140,000 people have experienced major depressive episodes.
These numbers aren't just statistics.
These represent real people.
Real people in need of a real God.
Real people in need of real hope and healing.
And we as the church are called.
to provide hope and healing.
We are A.G. We are spirit filled.
We are church members who know who God is and what He is and how He works and how the Holy Spirit moves in and through us.
And we can provide that to a lost and dying world.
But we can't do that if we're caught up in our own stuff.
We can't do that if we're caught up and I want church to be my way.
I want church to be this way.
I want church to do that or this.
It's all about me.
It's not about you.
It's about 144,000 people that need to know Jesus.
It's about 200 and some thousand people who need to stop looking in the barrel of a syringe till they stop looking at the bottom of a spoon.
who need to stop sticking straws in their nose.
Because here's what I can tell you.
If the church would have reached out to my mom and been Jesus to her, my life would have been very much different.
Thankfully the Lord saved me, guided me, called me and set my feet in spite of the church's actions.
Because I can guarantee you there's people sitting in this room today or that are watching online.
You're sitting here today, but you're mad at somebody in the church.
Because they disregarded a loved one, they handled the situation like they shouldn't have.
I have a friend, and I know he's not watching, but on the off chance, his name is Robert.
And I brought Robert in when I was about 19 years old, and he was living with a woman that they weren't married, but I brought him in to help with royal rangers.
He wasn't a commander, he was a helper, but he was an adult.
We did the background check, we did all that stuff.
And I said, come.
because he found identity and he was learning and he was hearing, because he was doing the Bible studies with us back.
If you remember Royal Rangers back in the old days, we did Bible studies every week.
And he was hearing the Bible studies and he was learning.
And I was helping, having him kind of help lead the Bible study so that he would have to go during the week and actually do a little reading and a little study.
And he was beginning to grow as just a very small seedling.
And then my pastor said, no, you have to kick him out.
because he's living in sin, he's living with a woman, and we can't have that.
Well, okay, pastor, but here's what I don't care.
So I had to ask him to leave, and Robert has never stepped in another church since then.
Because the church wasn't who they needed to be.
Because it's not about us.
It's about them knowing him.
It's not about our personal preferences.
Coming in here on Sunday morning again isn't about what happens up here or even really what I say.
It's about equipping you to go into a lost and dying world and being the hands and feet of Jesus and offering hope and healing to a lost and dying world.
If we were to go just a little bit farther on this drug epidemic, the rates of illicit drug use in our community are higher than the state average.
This tells us that there is a pressing need for the active involvement of the church.
We are called to be salt and light in St. Louis offering support, prayer, and practical help to those who are struggling.
Matthew chapter 5 verse 13 to 16 tells us to be salt and light, right?
You know that passage?
Okay?
Our presence here is no accident.
It is a divine placement for a divine purpose.
You are not in St. Louis by accident, friend.
You didn't find Berea Temple just on a whim.
Whether you looked in the yellow pages, I'm going to date myself, you looked online, or you were referred by somebody.
That was by no accident.
God divinely orchestrated.
your plan and his plan for your purpose and brought you here.
He's placed us here at Berea Temple for what did Esther say, for such a time as this, a time when we can stand as one church and provide a beacon of hope to the lost, the dying, to offer hope to the hopeless and healing to the broken.
When we talk about who we are as a church,
What does our sign say this week?
Did anybody see it?
If you don't know, we have a new insert on the sign.
We talked about that.
And there's a new message out there today.
It's out there this week.
There is hope.
Change can happen.
Do you believe that?
Is there hope for St. Louis?
Is there hope for the lost in the dying?
Is there hope for the drug addicted?
Is there hope for the morally inept?
Is there hope for the LGBT community that is literally one, two, three, four blocks away from us?
Is there hope?
Can we offer it?
Do we have the answer for that?
This is who we are as a church, or it's at least who we need to be.
We need to embrace our calling.
We need to embrace being salt and light.
Matthew, we referenced it earlier.
Matthew chapter five, in verse 13,
There we go.
Says, you are the salt of the earth.
What good is salt if it has lost its flavor?
Can you make it salty again?
It'll be thrown out and trampled underfoot as worthless.
You are the light of the world, a city on a hilltop that cannot be hidden.
No one
No one lights a lamp and then puts it under a basket.
Instead, a lamp is placed on a stand where it gives light to everyone in the house.
In the same way, let your good deeds shine out for all deceit so that everyone will praise your heavenly Father.
We're called to preserve and illuminate the goodness and the truth of God in our city.
So let me ask you a question.
When somebody looks at you out in the community, what do they see?
What light is shined through, shown through?
See our actions, our presence should reflect Christ and bring flavor and light to our community.
Just our presence, the fact that I walked into the room
Because I am with Christ, should change the entire atmosphere.
But do you know somebody?
I know people this way.
They walk into the room and immediately the room just goes, whoa.
There's a heaviness.
And then when they walk out, all of a sudden everything's back to normal.
They used to have a boss like that.
Man, they'd walk in and nobody
always bark and always heavy-handed.
But just our presence, being with Christ, should change the atmosphere of a room.
Second thing that we need to do when we talk about being a community, being and knowing God's heart for our city is we need to understand the importance of praying for our city.
Prayer is a powerful tool that God has given us to enact change and to bring his kingdom here on earth.
Through prayer, we align ourselves with his will and invite his presence into our community.
You ever heard anybody say, well, I'm so sorry.
I can at least pray for you.
That is the best tool we have.
That's not the last tool.
That's not the week.
Man, to say, I'm gonna pray for you.
And don't tell somebody you're gonna pray for them if you don't intend on doing it.
Because when I let, if I tell you I'm gonna pray for you, I'm saying, I'm gonna go put your name before the throne of the Father.
I'm gonna lay your, I'm gonna go, God!
They need you.
It's not that he doesn't know that you already need, that you need him.
But I'm saying, hey, I'm going to jump in with you.
I'm going to become part of that battle.
And I'm going to put your name before the father.
And I'm going to make sure that I've done what I'm called to do and is to lift you up and to encourage
This is what we as a city, as a church need to do for those in our city.
We need to be interceding for our leaders and those that God has placed in authority over us.
It doesn't matter if we agree with them.
I don't care if you're blue or you're red or purple or some other rainbow color.
We're called to pray for them.
First Timothy chapter two, verses one and two says, I urge you, first of all,
Pray for all people.
Ask God to help them.
Intercede on their behalf and give thanks for them.
Yeah, that means give thanks for whichever presidential candidate you don't like.
Or whatever other thing that you don't like.
Pray this way for kings and all who are in authority so that we can live peaceful and quiet lives marked by godliness and dignity.
Pray for them, praying for our city officials, law enforcement, and community leaders.
Seeking God's wisdom and guidance for those in positions of influence.
What you're seeing flipped through the screens right now is every Wednesday night our church has been for a few months already been praying for these areas in our prayer time.
These are just a sample of what we have been praying for.
Not only have we not only have
We've been praying for these areas, but we've been praying for the church, our families, our youth, our children, and so many more things.
The lost of the city, praying for a renewal, for an awakening, praying for repentance, praying for the men and the women of our church, praying for our city, our government leaders, praying for those in our denominational leaders that God has placed over us.
Won't you consider coming and joining us for Wednesday night time of prayer?
Because here's what's happening.
Prayer is what's going to change.
Prayer is what's going to affect change in our church.
Prayer is what's going to make our church be we are.
We need to be praying for our city because we need to be praying for peace and prosperity.
Psalm chapter 122 verse six says, did I miss that one?
There we go.
Says pray for peace in Jerusalem.
May all who love this city prosper.
May we prosper because we love and we're praying for our city.
We need to take this, this passage, and we need to extend it as a call to our city, praying for peace in St. Louis.
I don't care what your political aspirations are.
There is no program that the city's gonna enact that is gonna fix St. Louis.
I'm sorry to tell you that.
There is no easy answer.
what is going to fix our city is the God of our city.
And the way that that's gonna happen is the people of God are going to get on their knees and they're going to cry out to the God of our city to come and to heal their land.
And then he will hear and he will pour out his blessing and he will pour out his spirit.
But it's gonna start on our knees here.
Number three, we talk about God's heart for our city.
God's heart for our city is that we need to engage in the community.
We need to engage in outreach, so engaging community service and outreach.
We need to pray, but we need to put feet.
Rubber meets the road.
Our faith has to translate into action.
By serving our community, we need to demonstrate God's love in practical ways and build bridges that foster hope and healing.
Who do we serve?
Scripture says the least of these.
Matthew 25 verses 35 through 40 says, for I was hungry and you fed me.
I was thirsty and you gave me drink.
I was a stranger and you invited me into your home.
I was naked and you gave me clothing.
I was sick and you cared for me.
I was in prison and you visited me.
Then these righteous ones, who's the righteous ones, the believers in our modern day, it might be y'all, yuns, all y'all, us.
Then these righteous ones will reply, Lord, when did we ever see you hungry and feed you or thirsty and give you something to drink or a stranger and show you hospitality or naked and give you clothing?
When did we ever see you sick or in prison and visit you?
And the king will say, I tell you the truth, when you did it to one of the least of these, my brothers and sisters, you were doing it to me.
This is not in my notes.
But this last week, well, two weeks ago, we came in on a, I don't remember what day it was.
And my son Brandon occasionally will come in here and play the drums.
He gave his set of drums away.
And so he'll just play and practice.
And he goes, Dad,
Somebody here in the church asleep.
Huh?
I thought, okay, somebody's got a key.
They stopped here because it was cool and they just, you know, one of our church folks.
And yeah, I said, who is it?
He goes, I don't know, because I've never seen him before.
And he sat right back there in the back row and was asleep.
And he sent me a picture and I didn't recognize the person, so I came over immediately.
Well, a door was left unlocked that didn't get caught.
And he made his way into the church, and all he was looking for was shelter.
So I started talking to him.
His name was Matthew.
He was some kind of mentally challenged mental health situation.
So of course I didn't call 911.
I called 988.
If you don't know what that is, you need to know what that is.
It's a crisis line.
And I said, hey, listen, I told him.
I said, you know, I don't have any services here for you to sleep or we don't have a pantry or a clothing bank or anything like that.
And I'm so sorry.
But how can we help?
And we tried to figure things out.
And he said, well, I want to go to the hospital, but I don't know where it's at.
And I said, well, here I can show you.
And I gave him instructions on how to go down and just right here to Cardinal Glennon.
And I wish we'd had something more for him.
I wish we were in a position where we had more resources.
It's not to say that we won't someday or won't have eventually.
But who does God call us to serve?
He calls us to serve the least of these.
The homeless, the mentally challenged, the difficult,
the broken.
He calls us to help with the marginalized and the vulnerable of our community.
We need to be able to show Christ's love through tangible acts of kindness and support.
Listen, we can bring a visitor into into Berea Temple and we can sit him down
and we can preach to them.
And yes, the Holy Spirit can do a work on their heart, but most people aren't even open to allowing the Holy Spirit to work on their heart.
Because there's an old saying, it says, people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care.
We cannot simply pay lip service to these areas and say that we're fulfilling the Great Commission and the Great Commandment
We have to put these words into action.
Friends, it doesn't do good.
It's not good enough to just come to church on Sunday.
This is like the minimal.
Do we want to go to heaven just on like the least amount of effort?
Well, okay.
I mean, you accepted Jesus.
Well, that's great, but he's asked us to do
numerous things as being part of the body.
When we talk about engaging the community in service and outreach, how many of us are involved in our community?
How many of us know our neighbors?
How many of us are involved in the neighborhood association, the community organizations, whatever,
things that plug you in to the heartbeat of your neighborhood, of Compton Heights, of where the church is.
See, we need to build strong community relations.
Romans chapter 12 and verse 13 says, when God's people are in need, be ready to help them.
Always be eager to practice hospitality.
Be eager to involve yourself
with the community.
The way to stop violence is to be a friend.
Listen, some of these young boys that are doing some of the horrible things in the city, they're friends with somebody, somebody who doesn't live the life that they're living.
who has an opportunity to speak into their life because they have spent time building a relationship.
They've spent time building a friendship and they're able to speak into the life of the person of these boys, even though they're of a different background or a different mindset, a different political persuasion,
or even religious background.
We have to step outside of our comfort zones.
We have to step outside of our community little clicks.
those things, those people that we've surrounded ourselves with because we've created this little barrier, this little comfort zone that we live in.
And I know that I'm gonna put this person because they're just gonna agree with me.
I'm gonna go talk to them about a situation because I know they're gonna go, oh poor thing.
It's okay.
Let me pray for you.
And I'm gonna surround this person because
They're going to agree with my political persuasion.
Man, I'm mad at so-and-so.
We've got a step beyond those.
We as the church, when we talk about God's heart for the city, it's about his heart for the city, not for the Republicans, not for the Democrats, not for the LGBTQ plus group, not for the blacks, not for the whites, not for the Asians, or the Bosnians, or the Afghanis, or any other people group.
It is his heart for the city because they are his children.
They are his people.
We as a church are called to provide hope and healing in our community.
So as we close, as we kick this series of hope and healing in our community off, I want us to commit ourselves.
We need to understand God's heart
for the city of St. Louis.
We cannot call ourselves Christians, A.G. church members, without putting a practical aspect into our identity.
We cannot call ourselves the body of Christ without what?
Without putting feet to the body?
Without putting hands to the body?
this church, this community, this body of believers at the corner of Compton and Russell cannot stand without the feet that go because God has a heart for St. Louis.
We need to understand as we dive into this series that we are to pray fervently.
It's not just Lord, I pray.
Will you help St. Louis in your name, amen?
Fervently.
God,
pour out your spirit on this city.
God, meet the people who don't know you.
God, we cry out for the people group who have been lied to for generation after generation and have been told that their life isn't good enough.
And so they found identity in somebody else or something else.
God save our city.
Fervently pray.
as if he's coming tomorrow because he just might cry out to God for our city.
And then church, I'm asking you, and be real honest for a moment.
We've had some outreach events.
We had Seek and Save, and that was great.
We had a huge percentage of participation.
And every other event that we've tried to do after that's had a very, very minimal percentage of participation, like two, three, four, five percent of the congregation participate in the event.
Matter of fact, as a follow up, we have VBS that had to be moved due to a scheduling conflict from yesterday to next Saturday.
And you know how many volunteers we have signed up?
This is our children.
This is putting hands and feet to our own kids, much less to those out in the neighborhood.
Besides Pastor Jonathan, Sarah, Pastor Leticia and I and our kids, this is how many signups we've had.
Not being ugly, I'm just telling you a fact.
We have to be the hands and feet of Jesus.
We have to put feet to the fire
and it's gonna take time and we may have to rearrange schedules and we may have to re-prioritize some things that we've allowed to take a higher place than being part of the body in our life and in our families.
Yes.
But it's important.
We need to actively engage in service and outreach to our community.
Because only
then will we fulfill our identity as AG church members.
It's only then that we're going to be able to provide hope and healing to our community as being part of the body of Christ.
So as we close today, as we end our time together, here's what I'm going to ask.
I'm not going to ask you to come forward today.
If you need healing or if you need prayer for salvation, of course, you're always invited to come.
But I'm gonna ask you to stay where you're at.
And I'm gonna ask you to examine your own heart.
Has church been about you and your wants, your desires, your feelings, the way you think things should be?
Do you have God's heart for the city?
Do you have a passion to be A.G. Church members who provide hope and healing to a lost and dying St. Louis?
Are you willing to step out of your comfort zone and put your hands and feet to work?
So as we sing our closing song, I'm just gonna ask you to pray and I'm gonna ask you to reflect and just speak to God.
and to pray.
And when our song is over, I'll come up and we'll close in prayer and we'll dismiss, but I want you to have a time of reflection.
If you need to come down here and you don't need anybody to pray with you, because you're feeling convicted, come to the altar, come to the stairs and pray, you're welcome to do that.
So Father, I pray over each person in this room and within the sound of my voice.
Father, I pray that you would begin to speak to hearts.
call people, separate them out.
Place a burden on their heart for the city.
Place a burden on their heart for specific areas and specific people.
There are some that heard the numbers for the drug addicted and their hearts were quickened.
There were some that heard the numbers about the health decline of the mental health folks and their hearts were quickened.
God, I pray that you would foster that within their heart, Lord.
grow it and put feet to it and hands to it so that we as the church will rise up and be the hands and feet of Jesus to our city.
We ask these things in the name of Jesus.
Amen.